To whom it may concern:

I am writing pursuant to my rights under Minnesota Statutes section 325M.14, subd. 1(h) to request that you provide me with a list of specific third parties to which you have disclosed the personal data concerning me, my child, or a person for whom I am an authorized agent. If your organization does not maintain data with sufficient specificity to determine where the above-specified data was transferred, I ask that you provide me with a list of specific third parties to whom you have disclosed any consumers' personal data.

I am also writing pursuant to my rights under Minnesota Statutes section 325M.14, subd. 1(b) to request that you tell me whether your organization is processing personal data concerning me, my child, or a person for whom I am an authorized agent.

I am also writing pursuant to my rights under Minnesota Statutes section 325M.14, subd. 1(f) to opt out of the following:
- The processing of personal data concerning me, my child, or a person for whom I am an authorized agent.
- The sale of personal data concerning me, my child, or a person for whom I am an authorized agent.
- The use of personal data in profiling in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal effects (or similarly significant effects) concerning me, my child, or a person for whom I am an authorized agent.

I am also writing pursuant to my rights under Minnesota Statutes section 325M.14, subd. 1(d) to request that you delete all personal data concerning me, my child, or a person for whom I am an authorized agent. that you hold, control, or process.


This request is submitted regarding the following person’s data:
Name:
Home address:
Phone number:
Email address:
Username: 
Account number or identifier: 

I am making this request pursuant to the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act, Minnesota  Statutes sections 325M.10-325M.21 and the terms used herein should be construed as those terms are used in that Act.
Please send a response within 45 days consistent with your obligations under Minnesota Statutes section 325M.14, subdivision 4.

Thank you,
